what's up everyone and welcome to the W
show we've got a fantastic show lined up
for you guys today yeah I forget what
our headline topic was so I guess Luke's
going to take it uh This is
Wild a US appeals court has sided with
music publishing Giants oh saying that
isps should refuse service to users who
are suspected of piracy someone's going
to get their parents pretty mad in other
news your vacuum is watching you
and blasting out racial epithets oh what
oh yeah no it's a whole thing I didn't
know that part yeah no it's it's it's
not good oh boy the manufacturer thinks
it's okay but no one else does speaking
of things that are are bad in some ways
uh are we moving
uh are we moving we could talk about the
feasibility of that yeah also uh you can
talk to your dog now yeah you can talk
you can talk to your dog you can talk to
your dog with AI
[Applause]
[Music]
yay the show is brought to you today by
acronis Squarespace MSI and of course
our chair partner secret lab our laptop
partner LG and our rap partner dbrand
who wrapped our table and wrapped my
phone and
wrapped yeah yeah they they just WAP
things they don't like they don't like
Melo melodious singing they've never
wrapped a you they just rap wow nice
does rap not have Melodies nice I mean
yeah it can oh that's not the point the
point
is that Luke thought this was the
headline topic which I find actually
really interesting because interesting
to me we've we've kind of we've you want
to you want to should I pull back the
curtain and let them know why I thought
this would be a good headline topic
what's the point of even having curtains
anyway right do they even match the
carpet like
just not right
now um I mean
same wow this was quick um
and goodbye
rails oh anyways no it just seemed
clicky okay it's also like an actual
discussion yeah well well that was it
that was your curtain pulling back yeah
jeez it seemed clicky remind me not to
Camp outside of your apartment with
binoculars cuz I'm not going to see
anything that's
um okay apparently I'd see some stuff
so what I told Luke we could do on the
show what I said we could do was we
could go through the exercise of why
it's really difficult for us to move
because it's been a pain point for us
for basically the last probably 3 years
since we got the lab we've known that we
were growing out of this space that
we're in right now which is the old
everything you know Studio office uh so
we we expanded on the one side we
expanded on the other side we hit a wall
there there's a neighbor that's not
selling so that's it that this is where
we are here and then we expanded to
another unit elsewhere in our complex
for Creator Warehouse uh who handles all
the merch um and then finally we we were
like okay well this is it we either need
to kind of separate our operations and
have different departments and different
buildings kind of like we did with
Creator Warehouse or we need to
consolidate into one gigantic building
and the gigantic building was going to
be really really expensive not just
because it's expensive to buy a building
but because the building you're going to
get is going to cost an absolute Fortune
to build out the way that we do and
there just aren't actually really that
many buildings at that size is what I
said back then oh is there but the
market has softened a lot here in
Vancouver I mean
there's remember I'm talking Industrial
I'm talking commercial it's right still
well let's have a look let's go through
the exercise that I go through every
time I'm looking at commercial real
estate and I'll talk about some of the
things that can be uh really sort of
appealing and some of the things that
can be really challenging and why it's
so hard to find something that's the
right fit cuz like for for some context
for viewers too right like we have if
you if you think about the production
team for videos that is pretty fragment
right now literally none of the teams
that might work together are actually
close to each other even if it's writing
in Labs you're at opposite ends of the
building and there's a big set of stairs
and many sets of doors in between and
it's very likely if you're going through
those doors you're disturbing somebody
in some Department um so it's like not
really that small of a walk if you're
either Labs or writing and you're
talking to editing well I mean that's
now a 10-minute walk or a two-minute
Drive um how do we solve this well the
Lego pieces don't really click together
very well um there isn't a lot of office
space in the labs building there isn't
enough space in general in the in the
studio buildings parking is a nightmare
at either one of them it's just like
H okay
anyways now In fairness to us it did
look like the best solution for
expansion at the time because building
out something the way that sort
of I expect us to do it for our team is
really really expensive and that adds a
lot to the cost of uh sort of abandoning
what we've got here and then
consolidating somewhere else for example
in the Lower Mainland so in in our area
uh it is way abnormal basically unheard
of unless you are um like a Food
Distribution Company to have HVAC in
your Warehouse so the fact that we have
heat yes cuz you know you can't it can't
be so cold that devices working properly
or whatever but having air conditioning
in an in a warehouse space pretty much
unheard of in this area whereas all of
our warehouse spaces are heated and
cooled so that you know because we're
not really using them in a warehouse
capacity and we don't really have like
just Warehouse PE I mean I don't know I
say that we don't just have Warehouse
people working in them but that I
honestly I don't think that's a good
excuse either I think warehouses should
probably be climate controll sometimes
like uh like if you're a forklift driver
you might have like aan mounted on the
forklift like that like that doesn't
make you
blows nice that's pretty good basically
what I'm trying to say is I don't really
care who you are or how much money you
make you're you're worth air
conditioning when it's C when we have
things called heat domes yeah and you're
you're in a big metal box might be nice
to be able to cool now In fairness to a
lot of the the building owners and
business owners in the Vancouver area it
hasn't really been a problem until
probably about the last five or six
years like we used to have like one hot
week of freaking summer and so whatever
we're going to install tens sometimes
hundreds of thousands of dollars worth
of air conditioning for like that one
week no probably not but um we've made
the plunge which means that any building
we move into we have to you know put
stuff like that into it which adds a lot
to the buildout cost so uh let's take a
look and let's let's talk about you know
some of some of the challenges that we
run into so uh callers is one of the
sites that you know probably makes sense
to use if you're looking for commercial
real estate sure let's have a look ooh
oh there's the look at this see this is
what I'm talking about Luke when I would
have pulled up this map let's say let's
say two years ago there would have been
nothing right there would have been
flipping this is such a terrible
interface can you guys like be slightly
slightly less of aites are brutal yeah
they're so I always thought like you
know if we could if we could go back and
instead of making float plane we should
have just made like realy software I
know right they pay so much for it and
it's so
bad it's kind of crazy freaking wild
okay so this is kind of the area that
we'd be looking at so here's where the
office is now um and most of the team is
living in you know kind of these are the
urban centers you can tell from the the
white instead of the green green is like
for grass and trees and whatnot uh so
you're going to have people living in
kind of Maple Ridge kind of
Langley um not too many people down in
South Sur just because that's like the
bougie area of the not the actual city
city over here it's like the the bougie
BB oh wait you mean like uh potentially
like employees or what do you yeah
there's a bunch of people in South it's
just really expensive yeah I'm talking
about like where people who commute to
this office here are are generally going
to be coming from a little bit of kilum
little bit of Burnaby a little bit of
like further west but the more we were
to move an office kind of this way into
bernabe Marine Drive or like Richmond or
something like that the more expensive
housing is going to get um soare we have
found that yeah that too so we found
that this is a this is a pretty good
middle ground if we could be more like
here that might be more better but okay
let's close you're very nicely close to
the highway just to give some people
some context there the the this is
Canada's only road yeah the Canada
Highway that's that's the road everyone
memes about when they're talking about
Canada
so's have a look this this what's in
this area this is hilarious the first
one that comes up is of course the court
ordered sale for the uh yeah the
aspirational mall in sui so wait
Newlands is for sale yeah Newlands
golfing Country Club is for sale what
dude okay what if
we what if we what if we could bring
like telemetry golfing data and like
what if we made a high-tech Golf Course
okay Luke and had an office there get
this the
combined the combined estimated value of
Creator Warehouse the studio and the lab
is probably in the neighborhood of
around $25 to $30 million okay okay get
this how much do you think new's golf
and country club is worth it is 111
Acres with 990,000 ft building to to put
for some context we're in about 40,000
ft combined what do you think nand's
golf and country club is worth that's
like pretty nice building and there's
like Kitchen on site I'm assuming that
has a cost I'm assuming they're not just
ripping that
out oh no I'm not going to look at chat
um yeah don't look at chat don't look at
chat they're going to help you cheat my
first hunch is like 350 350 what mil 350
mil really try 40 40 what
so what do you think we move lmg let's
buy newand to Newlands Golf and Country
Club wait how is it actually is there
something going on with it dude I have
no idea cuz how is it multiple times
bigger than ours the facilities are like
really
nice oh man what how is it so cheap that
much land so there's there's like look
like I said there's some stuff going on
in the Vancouver area right now how how
do you get 112 acres some of the big
money I think is moving is it zoning is
moving out okay so we'll talk about that
some of the big money though is moving
out of Vancouver real estate because of
some of the recent changes that the
Trudeau Administration has made to uh
the way that um uh taxes on capital
gains work so there has been like an
emergency fire sale of some very high
value assets and there's only so many
buyers for a 40 million so for contexts
that's about3
million a little less like 29 or
something P cooled computer right how
fun would that be gaming PC in your golf
cart we could overclock one of the oh no
you don't do that with golf never mind
okay I was thinking baseball like when
it shoots the so so part of this is that
it does seem like uh there is there's a
bit of um there's a bit of bubble
bursting going on um I think that part
of it is a demographic shift so you've
got a because realistically I'm probably
one of the only people in my cohort that
is like running a a a small to medium
you know like like a business of this
size yeah you know most of the
businesses in our area are run by
Boomers and what's happening with
Boomers they're retiring right so when
you retire you either are looking to
sell sell your your your business and
retain the asset and keep collecting
rent from it as like your pension or
you're looking to sell the building take
a big bucket of cash spend it on you
know some other crap give it give some
of it to your kids uh spend some of it
on like a lakefront property over on the
island you know whatever you want you
want the big bucket of cash and then you
keep running the business for your
pocket money instead of hookers and blow
it's like cruise ships and
painkillers sorry
I'm just
trying that's good thank you um or or
you're selling both pieces and you're
just like screw it this is so much of a
nest egg that I'm going sit on this Nest
Egg forever and yeah yeah so I think
there's some of that happening as well
and then the other big one that you
already touched on is zoning so this
right here why am I on the just new cam
this is this is zoned essentially for
operating as golf a golf course yeah so
I didn't think but cuz I was I was
trying to think of the acreage cuz the
that amount of acreage here if you turn
that into five story
walk-ups infinite money oh for sure and
to be clear there is some development
potential you can see there's about 6
Acres of um nonagricultural land Reserve
so that means you basically can't do
jack with it like you could buy you
could buy a 5050 Acre Farm for less than
like a one acre residential lot in some
cases okay not quite but but the point
is that this agricultural land Reserve
Land is worth functionally nothing
compared to um compared to you know
something that you could actually build
residential or build industrial or
commercial on um there's a whole lot of
other red flags here Landmark
status oh no what does that mean you
don't want anything with status you
don't want Heritage status Landmark
status I've heard of herit her status I
I don't know what landmark status is I
don't care I don't want to know that
sounds terrible basically it means
there's red tape that you're going to
have to jump through if you want to do
anything other than sit in the office
there and run a golf course okay what'
you find what' you find uh historic
place I haven't got anything specific
yet but the first Google brings you to
Historic place which I'm assuming is
essentially the same thing as Heritage
status yeah you you don't want you don't
want any of that you don't want any part
of that okay so we're not buying a golf
course because you know it's stupid
basically um what what else we got what
else we got here okay so yeah we're not
we're not buying the the city block in
sui that's been rotting since the 90s we
talked about that last week you're going
to find a lot of stuff that's for lease
um and the thing is leasing yeah it's an
option um if you can afford to buy
though the fact that we have owned this
has saved us
literally literally I've liked that
approach I've supported that approach
the whole time literally millions of
dollars because your landlord in in the
time since we bought the first three
units we paid a million dollar for three
units one of those units is now worth
about
1.1 or something like 1.2 essentially
quadrupled in value which means that if
we had leased it our rent would have
quadrupled putting money in the pocket
of our landlord when instead we were
able to invest that money in our own
Equity that we can now use to cross shop
something else so if you can afford to
buy I'd like to buy even though with
that said the market is you know not
going too great right now but sorry one
sec lomac in phing chat said we pay half
a million dollars a year for our
business property and Port KS for our
lease of our business property ands
that's a lot of money dude that's a lot
of freaking money half a mill and the
thing about commercial leases is they
are way worse than residential leases
like and I know residential rent
agreements and Lease agreements can be
brutal they can be so burdensome for the
renter um especially if you live in an
area where you don't have ample
protections but
commercial whole other level they're
what are called trip net which
essentially means that you pay for your
rent and they get to advertise that leas
rate which is going to be per square
foot um you know probably somewhere in
the neighborhood of like1 to $18 a
square foot depending on sort what
you're looking at let's say $10 to $20 a
square foot then you have something
called additional
rent what's your additional rent go
ahead and ask me what what yeah what
what is that is that like Power and
Water no you pay no you pay your own
utilities I have genuinely no idea me
neither it's whatever it is
I just pass through to you whatever
property tax I pay whatever building
maintenance I might incur now I as the
landlord have to pay it up front so if
the building needs a new roof I pay for
the roof but then what I do is I pass
the I pass the expense along to you and
you pay me back yearly in installments
for that roof for my building oh my God
that's how commercial works
baby so um yeah yeah commercial
commercial leases absolutely brutal
apparently additional rent can go up by
any percentage Yeah so additional rent
is used to circumvent the maximum
percentage increases for rent because if
they can't increase the base rent they
just increase the additional rent by any
percentage they want so it could be this
is obviously not real but it could be
like 300% cuz they're like ah we need it
to make up for whatever yeah yeah
commercial uh commercial leases I also
I'm just like Googling this stuff I
don't know if this is 100% true or not
don't take this as a fact it's shirle
times says never sign a triple net lease
you will not find a lease in the
Vancouver area that isn't trip net and
that's that's even now even now that
things are a bit more of a buyer Market
I think our vacancy last time I looked
at the the report for it was uh under 1%
real vacancy because some of the vacancy
is not even real it's like it's fake
because it's vacant now but it's just
pending uh yeah it's absolutely brutal
so you pay the base rent property taxes
building insurance and utilities as well
as other operating and maintenance costs
the landlord assumes no cost other than
structural repairs and structural that
mean that doesn't mean roof that means
like found the foundation essentially
unless the building collapses into the
sea they are not responsible for
anything and that whole and you're
paying the insurance by the way to cover
if that happens the whole other
operating cost thing is where you're
getting killed because they can Define
anything that way other operating cost
could be I don't know the landlord
decides to pay himself
$440,000 an hour I don't know who knows
yeah or they hire trades that are like
their buddies to to do any of the work
yeah pass that along to you that's not
their problem yeah yeah so it's a whole
it's a whole thing it bral it leaves
itself obviously glaringly open to abuse
um but that's the system we have cool
all right what else we got okay we've
got residential
development course not a park is for
sale brother what is that it's it like
Willowbrook like like the shop wait what
like the shopping center not Willowbrook
Mall the one like right across from it
Willowbrook Park Willowbrook Park is for
sale the whole thing the whole thing
200,000 Square ft of
retail what I know right 90 million dude
and the number of court ordered sales
that I've seen recently what the hell
freaking wild Mayfair industrial what's
going on okay so this is people running
out of money yeah so interest rates have
been high for a while long and it takes
a while because your mortgage is going
to be on two year three year fiveyear
5year renewal term right so so if you
were on a fixed mhm so in a in many
cases these properties are owned by
people who are using them as a land bank
essentially they're just parking their
money in an asset that unlike cash isn't
going to just inflation rot itself into
Oblivion um theoretically you know land
um gold crypto I'm not endorsing any of
these particular assets but typically
assets are as long as they aren't hyper
volatile ones can are a safer storage of
wealth than just cash because there's
nobody actively trying to deflate the
the value of it um so what's happening
is all of a sudden if you if you don't
own the property out right like if you
if you are if you're just hoping that
you know your rent is going to cover
your mortgage uh while the asset
appreciates that calculus just like for
many residential owners is changing the
second that you renew your mortgage and
you're not getting essentially free debt
anymore so this land bank might be
appreciating although in the case of
Vancouver as I mentioned the market
softening so it maybe isn't appreciating
it's either it's either not appreciating
so much or it's it's just stagnating and
now it's costing you way more than you
thought it was so you're sitting here
going okay well there's no upside to
this let's sell Willowbrook
Park which should be clear some that's
an outdoor mall yeah that's some across
the street yeah y um
so it's not some people were like LTT
mall it's like yeah I don't think it
would be as interesting because it's m
yeah not so much um this one's kind of
interesting you you'll find a a lot of
the good land has been kind of developed
sectioned off in way so what's left as
development opportunities is going to be
a lot of these like super weird shaped
sites yeah um this is a good shaped site
um four acres though of it are
encumbered by BC Hydro easement so you
got to watch out for
you got to watch out for easements
because that pretty much means 2/3 of
this BC Hydro which is our our power
Monopoly uh needs to be able to access
drive on and access essentially y um so
that one yeah probably not super
appealing okay what else what else we
got here um okay development um office
units and this is this is not going to
be that relevant to us um yeah yeah
residential residential you put in
property type and stuff you could use
the filters okay yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah sure use the filters techman sure
I'll use the filters I'll use the
filters all right let's get uh you know
what let's uh let's look at let's look
at office too why don't we look at
industrial and office LT Towers Linus
Tech
Towers oh paved and fenced yard area oh
I can lease a yard oh yeah you're
welcome I'll just pay your mortgage for
you uh what else we got oh man this is
far this is really far also small too
small brand new industrial facility in P
Porco
quum this is too small this is only
about the size of the lab so if the lab
was big enough then we could do that so
even now you can see with all of these
options available to us there's really
not that much that would actually be
suitable for us to move into unless you
just yeah make your own town dude we
don't want to be on anss
island Dan's given them
no thank you don't want to be there no
thank you a it's really far B it's like
the traffic burn your nostrils out for
the rest of your life that and it's like
the the kind of the old industrial like
crappy Island it's like uh lot of sulfur
pass and you guys play ano anyone play
ano okay so they put all the stuff that
contributes to less beautification of
your Island you know you move it all
onto steel smelting steel Island that's
anesis Island essentially the rug of
Vancouver you just push everything under
there yeah um okay we can actually we
can actually change our listings to just
things that are for sale to kind of
narrow things down a little bit
basically there's there's not actually
that much and part of the problem is
that Center dude there's a big there's a
big Industrial Park further down like
down here in Campbell Heights um that's
pretty far from any population centers
because like I said most people are not
living in South Sur so people are mostly
living here and they're Liv here and
they're living here um so the farther
down South we go the more challenging it
gets so Campbell Heights is down
here there was one that seemed kind of
interesting but it keeps as you're
scrolling around it keeps oh I'm sorry
the quad uh no that in C Heights no it
was scrolled down it's not that mall
again is it we're not buying that mall
no no no it was scrolled down okay court
ordered s was right here though I don't
know where you were looking at the time
dang I'm so sorry Luke I'm not sure
maybe you'll see it uh there is uh there
is kind of an interesting one in uh in
Port Kell's so that's up in this area so
it's uh it's kind of a sister building
to the smash Champs Badminton Center
building uh this is too far dude being
right next to smash Champs would be sick
I would love it but the problem with
Port Kels is that it is bestass lunch
breaks crazy expensive oh crazy crazy
expensive way out in Delta yeah why do I
even why do I have Delta on the map okay
let's get let's get Delta out of here we
don't need to see anything in Delta
um yeah I think that's about it I mean
is there any is is there anything else
you want to look at you want to ask like
why not that one cuz I'll be happy to oh
is it this one uh 192 Business Center it
wasn't but let's look at it sure yeah we
can look at 192 Business Center so this
one is very similar to smash
Champs pretty nice brand new building
right pretty sick okay let's have a look
ooh look at that up to 50,000 ft 32t
clear ceilings lots of power 200 amps
woo got that high efficiency LED
lighting it's it brand new buildings man
really nice there's some very nice to
haves but there's a big problem with
brand new buildings you notice something
here they talk a lot about when it's
going to be complete and how many Dock
and grade loading Bays you've got and
how close it is to Highway A1 okay how
close it is to the
airport ah okay so here's our
problem how many parking stalls do we
have yeah this is very common with new
buildings they just don't put enough
parking at all because you sell the
building based on the square footage
yeah that's the calculation that
everybody is doing yeah but the parking
stalls don't count towards square
footage so develop ERS and you know what
part of this is honestly probably a good
thing because less parking less cars if
people were riding their bikes or taking
Transit more that would be awesome I can
tell you right now uh not a whole lot of
that is happening here yeah um it just
it just it just isn't um so so part of
it is is good aspirationally if we were
using more public transit but the
reality now is that that would
accommodate
maybe a quarter of our company right now
and my understanding don't quote me on
this my understanding is that Bey the
developer of this property worked out a
deal with the city where they didn't
have to account for any street parking
parking in their development uh so they
were able to effectively like build
right to the road like right to the the
travel areas of the road so while in the
building we're in now also has
inadequate parking probably about the
same ratio like a new building with
would have because they want to maximize
the square footage they can sell um ours
at least has street parking it's not
ideal nobody likes walking trudging to
the building through the snow or
whatever in the winter it's fine but we
have itable yeah yeah whereas at least
there is somewhere to put your car this
you'd be you'd be parking probably in
the neighborhood of like five to six
blocks away which if it's anything like
smash Champs which I actually did have
to pace out because we were trying to
figure out what parking would look like
for a l event for example so at Lan
events if we can get the city on board
at smash which by the way oh we can talk
about that we submitted our package to
them this week we gave the city our
package did you know we did was it well
received I think so nice I think so I
think they they were you ask them they
they admired it was it good for
you so so we gave them the package um we
could talk about that a little bit more
later actually I pretty excited to talk
about uh wh land but if it's anything
like smash it's it's brutal
basically you're it's fine if you're
coming in once a quarter for an event
yeah but if you're commuting every day
and you're like hiking from your car
you're going to need like an electric
scooter in your car just to do the last
leg of your commute which is a little
ridiculous so that's the problem there's
a video upgrading every one of my
employees cars with like a electric
scooter
storage sorry keep going the older
buildings will have more parking they'll
have more yard space but they will lack
a lot of nice to haves that are going to
need to be upgraded that are going to
cost money the newer buildings are built
with the new meta uh which means you get
a lot of more upto-date nice stuff good
power uh good LED lighting they're way
more efficient in terms of keeping in
heat and keeping out cold that sort of
thing which is money but they have no
parking what else we got
here we don't have to do this much
longer if you guys are bored underground
parking okay so I find this stuff
interesting rer asks what about
underground parking over in float plane
chat very little of it here um you know
no well like the water table or
something what I would okay so a I
suspect there is something to do with
that but I don't know anything about the
actual engineering of it what I can tell
you is that the way that property values
have skyrocketed here in such a short
period of time has changed the calculus
for underground parking in a big way so
it would have been not that long ago
that underground parking didn't make any
sense here it's really expensive it's
it's it's the last quote I got was about
$100,000 Canadian dollars per stall and
that is going to be somewhat dependent
on what kind of a building you're
building and like whether you would have
had to like dig a big hole anyway versus
if you're digging it just for the
express purpose of putting cars in it
um but pretty much until land
values went to the mo here it made way
more sense to do the Suburbia thing and
just sprawl your parking lots so what I
suspect is we'll see a lot more of them
in the future but they don't really
exist here at least not now because it
didn't make any sense it was it the land
was not worth so much that it was worth
digging into it in order to the only
thing you'd see it for was apartment
buildings generally y I don't
necessarily know why but that was the
thing yeah shraf 2K says you can always
add nice to Hales you can't add more
parking stalls you can yeah Rd Raph says
rooftop parking yes yes that is
technically possible but you're going to
have to re-engineer the entire bloody
structure to hold all the cars on the
roof so that's going to be that's going
to be requiring some budget some budget
just you know have a have a program
where uh a certain percentage of the
employee base gets gets free Ubers to
work I actually kind of like this one
it's really close to home I've seen this
before but part of the problem is that
while it does have 100,000 square ft of
building on it uh I don't think is that
train oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that's
the rail I mean okay look okay let me
get to that let me get to that it has
100,000 ft of building on it but those
are the
buildings oh we ain't using those
buildings no this is what we call In The
Biz a tear down so that would help you
know with mitigating train noise is you
could you know double insulate your
walls or whatever else like you could
you could actually going to solve it it
won't solve it but it would it would do
a lot um but the cost of this because
you're essentially buying $100,000 worth
of buildings that um you are going to
then wrect uh makes this just not make
any sense I don't even think they have a
price quoted on this one I might have
asked at some point but I can't
remember but yeah this one's uh yeah
interesting but unfortunately no what's
also cool about this one is it's over
the 196 Street border which means that
we'd be eligible for More film and
Production Services tax credits I
suspect whoever's selling it is hoping
that whoever buys it wants the buildings
to just store stuff from the Train in so
that don't they don't need to be
nice yeah unfortunately that's not me so
get wrecked me yep yeah someone asked
this um and I I can think of some
reasons why this might be rough but
there is there are examples of this
around the area but empty
land yeah there's not much and a lot of
what is a lot of what's empty land is
ALR so you'll you'll see it you'll look
at it and you'll be like oh yeah look
how many buildings we could put here
what what if we
made I mean there's Clarkson's Farm it's
doing very well what about a server Farm
what if we had L what if we had Linus's
Farm ding it ding the thing you have to
ding your own thing what if we did
Linus's Farm what's like what's the
minimum we would need to farm it could
be fine you can do things like chickens
and it's like whatever six pigs or
something it's less that how much
minimum we would need to farm and it's
more how much maximum other things could
we do there we couldn't have a
Production Studio on a farm because that
would devalue the the Production Studio
zoned land that somebody else bought
before also pretty much all of our
Farmland in the Lower Mainland is um
flood plane and I don't know about you
but I'm not super into buying things
that are going to be underwater soon uh
or could be underwater soon we have had
some very significant floods here our
our only Road was wiped out for a
substantial amount of time because of um
basically a lake that we were we UNL and
then it decided to Rel Lake
itself it's fun when things Rel Lake
themselves yeah breweries on ALR with
their own hops have issues with the ALR
y y I mean
I know of a small amount of people in BC
that are aggressively skirting ALR rules
and I think if someone from the ALR just
took a little drive around a lot of
places in BC and cared at all a lot of
people would lose their their setups um
so it makes me care less when it feels
like more than half of it is being
abused um and it makes me want to do it
ourselves I get such a kick out of the
gigantic Mansions the Omega mansions on
Farmland with no farming going on ever
like this is oh we got him going we got
him going here boys here we go here we
go at least my my biggest thing is like
you should at leasing attempt you should
at least try put something there why is
it just open grass field you don't have
horses there's noing horses there's
nothing else you're doing nothing how do
they get away with this I know the whole
flip I've heard the stories I know the
flip of you you bring an outside company
to plant some junk and then you have
them also come pick it and you make Z
off of it but the whole thing is so that
you can have your stupid probably
disgusting looking terribly designed
building on this plot of land in the
middle of nowhere that you live in and
do nothing else and probably don't see
anyone because you're xenophobic for
some reason anyways
um I
hate anyways um wow but it's all just
it's all a
joke I've also heard that a huge
percentage of that crop just gets thrown
away because they're just growing
whatever they're not growing based on
what we need they're growing based on
and it's not being properly treated it's
just being planted and then pulled out
of the ground at the end of the season
right yeah that makes sense so like it's
a lot of it's junk like it's just it's
this clear obvious insane charade and
there's parts of BC that you can
literally drive around for a very long
time where you're just going mansion
with no Farm mansion with no Farm
mansion with no Farm mansion with no
farm for like ever it's it just it
really makes you not surprised when you
drive around Farmland in BC figuring out
that there's more corruption in BC than
like practically anywhere cuz you're
like I wonder where do all the people
live that that have all this corruption
and then you drive around what should be
farmland and you're like oh it's oops
all mansions
like okay
anyways all right yeah good chat I'll
relax so anyway uh we still have our ear
to the ground and I suspect I'm talking
as much to our staff as I am to our
viewers at this point we still have our
ear to the ground but it's it's a
challenge um Taran sent me one actually
the other day that looked pretty cool um
it's a little far from my house which
I'm not a huge fan of um move more
videos more videos it would be far from
a lot of oh You' have to set up your new
house uh I really don't want to move um
here let's see if I can oh wait not this
one no this was me free content this was
me sending him the stupid uh the stupid
content dude let me see if I can find it
oh yeah here we go
um 85 North Fraser away honestly it
looks pretty cool one of the big
problems is like the really good
Solutions are going to be so far out um
and then they they become bad solutions
for other reasons oh yeah that's right
relocating the whole company okay hold
on you asked about empty land yeah
that's a big problem for empty land um
is that it's all really far out I know
I've seen some locally but it's probably
like residential or something dude smash
Champs was a completed building
when we got it think about how long it
took us just to do the tenant
Improvement oh yeah if we're building a
building it's like two to three years
before we will actually move into it you
just you spin up a new channel L
building tips LBT um I you Clarkson's
Farm it I can't find this for some
reason what if you don't even hire a
Contracting Company what if you are the
Contracting Company what if you sorry
what if you don't I got a concrete mixer
we could do that in a weekend let's do
it let's do it we got a laser level in
logistics it'll be fine we can figure it
out yeah we'll figure it out well all
the walls are just made of conduit L
said he likes conduit we just make it
out of conduit you never have any
problems running any cables no might be
a little loud no you put insulation like
in between in the conduit in
the oh my God we're figuring it out this
is why you're
C so smart he so smart oh no bikes
between the buildings keep looking we uh
we keep our ear to the ground um we we
kind of you know watch what's happening
with the market and and we hope that at
some point we can find something but and
and we're going to look at moving some
departments around um you know to have
people who work together more closer
together but it's it it is actually
pretty tough and part of the problem is
like you said the way that we built this
place out peace meal means that it's not
as flexible of a
space monal monil
mon okay anyway um what do you want to
talk about next messages we should put
train tracks behind the buildings and
then get those old bikes that you can
ride on train tracks okay uh merch
messages apparently oh oh there's
something really exciting for Merch
messages though uh this is oh my God
there's so
many there's so many announcements it's
kind of too many announcements guys yeah
we might have to dial back the
announcements but okay fine first double
sweet 16 live stream we just hit 16
million subscribers on the on the LT
Channel and we're currently planning a
stream for November for our 16th
anniversary how did those things line up
so perfectly 1 million subscribers a
year not bad we're tentatively planning
to look back at some of our most watched
videos and do 16 builds that we're going
to auction for charity on Jaa wow so
that's coming up November 16th uh oh no
for November for I don't know sometime
in November um and now a seg way to our
sponsor and it says dan will play a
video hi it's James from LTT store
anyone ever tell you don't clean your
screen with your T-shirt screw their
rules cuz we made a t-shirt for exactly
that purpose a regular shirt would
scratch up your since the LT microfiber
t-shirt is made out of soft fabric Loops
it won't this is for your car your jar
your glasses your phone and it's got
this soft and cozy jersey fabric
interior so you can just wear this puppy
all day long as a certified glasses
cleaner this works unlike you it's made
by nerds you know that nerds always make
good stuff here's how to
[Music]
order if you want sarcastic ads Riley
and James are just like the way to go
that was fantastic I had not seen that
before the best part is it wasn't
satire it's I've been wearing it the
whole show you didn't even know except
for the people that asked if my shirt
was wet it's a real product now look
guys that funny that funny video aside I
do I do not want to oversell this thing
because it is not up to the regular
standards of our regular t-shirts it is
not as comfortable it is literally made
of microfiber cloth material okay that
means it has some disadvantages in terms
of comfort which I already kind of
touched on but it also has some
advantages Advantage number the first
it's really warm it y it is actually
like uncomfortably warm if you are
moving around a lot it's like a sweater
yeah yeah it it it also means that like
the sizing and the and the drape um are
a little different a little different
than our typical shirts so it ends up
with kind of like a very fitted fit I
would say if you like our this is me
wearing our like my typical size so if
you like our our typical fit this isn't
going to be it you could maybe size up
or you could just I don't know not buy
the microfiber shirt I tend to wear xl's
I put on the XL microfiber shirt my arms
didn't fit yeah yeah it's it's a little
tighter cuz it's not it doesn't have
this is a 2 XL I normally wear an XL it
doesn't have the same it doesn't have
the same stretch you know um but but
here okay let's do let's do a little
experiment okay I got a here usually my
face is greasier than my hands okay so
you know got that get that get that face
grease on there okay oh stop it okay
okay you guys see pretty uh you can see
that pretty greasy right HH okay watch
this boom I don't even need to I don't
need to go find a cloth nowhere I don't
got to I did notice like it seems like
the the microfibers I guess are like a
little shorter maybe than in some cloths
so it might take a little bit more work
but it it works she's perfect look at
that she's she's completely like new
isn't that beautiful isn't that a
beautiful thing so um it's as much a
meme as it is a real product it's one of
those enjoy it it's one of those
products that came about as sort of a
like what if we what if we do this yeah
we should do it for April fools no let's
just do it I asked I asked to to make
sure that we didn't order too many and
it sounds like that's probably true oh
no yeah no we we didn't order that many
of them which might
mean order now you might not get one
yeah you might not get a lot of
opportunities to get your hands on this
but that might be okay um so anyway if
you're into it if I will say it's a
conversation starter I'll tell you that
much I mostly forgot I was wearing it I
don't think it's that bad Elijah in the
chat said it gave him sensory issues
your experience may vary yeah yeah doing
this doesn't feel great if I was going
to go in a jog in this thing I think I'd
be pretty upset doing this with your
arms is is not awesome have you tried
that
rub it against yeah the elbows CU it's
you know it's microfiber right so you'll
like you'll like rug burn yourself if
you want to know what it feels like go
find a microfiber cloth you know one of
those blue ones and you know put it on
yourself you know but anyway yeah um why
don't we take a little break from
announcements and do a couple merch
messages so the way to send a merch
message is to just go on LTT store.com
put something in your cart you'll see a
little box for Merch message and once
you check out it'll go to producer Dan
who will forward it to us or put it down
there or who will reply to it himself or
who will send it to someone else
internally let's show you what it looks
like when he curates them for us sorry
uh Digi brat said uh can we get it with
a Star Trek logo I said like right when
I sat down at it I was like wow it looks
like a Star Trek shirt you can put your
own Star Trek logo on it yeah we are not
we are not licensed by Paramount or
whoever the heck to yeah there yeah
that's not going to happen yep then
again you never know if you don't
ask true but it would cost way more you
really want to like guys there's a
reason that licensed merchandise always
sucks it's because the money goes into
licensing the brand rather than finding
the finest microfiber rags build your
shirt it's incredibly expensive
yeah hit us Dan sure hey D loving my
Precision kit already used it to fix my
switch blade yesterday lonus what's your
favorite genre of music to clean your
house to oh
uh oh I don't
know I I uh man I always I always
struggle when people ask me about my
taste in music because it's pretty
random um and I know like everyone says
that everyone says like oh yeah I I
listen to like really random music but
like no really so I got some some Maroon
Five here I got some Tupac I got some
Michael Jackson I've got some
Ghostbusters Ghostbusters theme music
like May a no it's like actually like
random like you could just throw a dart
at you know got some Annie Lennox in
here like I don't know uh I'll listen to
Shia Twain you know or like uh like
Taylor Swift's first album I'll listen
to kind of like pop country okay I'm not
into much country country um I came I
came across a oh man uh-oh um what's the
song called song pillar Seven Pillars of
something I came across these guys Seven
Pillars of awesome no isn't that a thing
Sabaton Seven Pillars of wisdom I came
across these Sabaton guys when I was
playing uh beatsaber the other day and
it's like it's like freaking awesome um
the first thing that I thought when I
when I heard this song was like there's
no way that Adam saard from the writing
department does not listen to these guys
cuz it's just like it's like the most
it's it's the most adom thing ever so
yeah I don't know random legitimately
random yeah I'm fairly all over the
place as well well I thought it was sea
shanties with you no that's for the
birds yeah I know but I mean that's what
you're listing to while you clean the
house for better for worse than it does
play a very often percentage of the time
uh yeah it'll be that or like some local
radio station just cuz like the radio
clock thing that we use to make sure
that they have music just like plays
radio stations but I never listened to
it it I don't really know what's
happening or care um nice yeah I don't
know it I think it'll kind of depend on
like the vibe like is I'm am I speed
cleaning maybe like metal or something
just go for it let her rip um no metal I
I don't really do I don't really do
metal I don't really do like like
really like uh vocalists I don't really
find it
appealing that's probably my one thing
yeah I think the metal that I listen to
doesn't have as much of that
M mhm I'm not 100%
certain but I think so um all right Dan
hit us sure lus I had I just had my
second born last Saturday any tips to
make it easier on the first born they
are both boys so I want to build that
brotherly
Bond um
communication you know be honest talk
about you know what's going to be good
talk about what's going to be not as
good always make sure you only have one
of anything and make them fight for it
okay he's being a bit of an ass about it
but he's actually kind of not wrong
because if you don't teach them to share
um they're not going to learn
later so I I we we go out of our way to
buy one of things in fact you're going
to see this uh we've got an upcoming
video um where the kids asked for a
karaoke
setup I am not a karaoke guy I don't
bluo speaker in a phone I don't know
anything about it uh but I was like oh
well there's an opportunity to uh
offload the research for my child's
birthday wish to um one of our staff
members and all I have to do is make a
video about it which may actually be
relevant because uh when I tried to do
the research myself I discovered that
karaoke is one of those rabbit holes
that's like dash cams um where it's just
it's just flooded with AliExpress
garbage tons of products you don't know
which one's good and no reliable
information so we kind of came in and
we're like okay we are going to
demystify anyway when I when I kind of
have my hands on their eyes to be like
ah reveal I'm like okay you know how we
do that thing where sometimes your
birthday present is for everybody well
we're doing that again um and and that
is something that we do on a pretty cool
way to do it in my opinion a pretty
regular basis like this you know is your
birthday present but it actually doesn't
belong to you um so and another example
of that is that Water Scooter thing the
the underwater scooter um I bought that
as a birthday present for my middle
child uh but I made it very clear when I
gave it to the when I gave it to her
that she got to write it first sure and
beyond
that it's everybody's it was for
everybody to enjoy you can get some
credit for maybe the idea yep if if it
like goes really well everyone's like oh
yeah this is great it's like oh thanks
for you know requesting this or whatever
I don't know yep that's cool but you've
got to yeah you've basically got to um
you basically got to set the ground
rules now and and you've got to
micromanage it like oh man I forget what
kind of ridiculous passive aggressive
thing one of the kids said to the other
last night but I was just like hey
that's rude um what should you have said
and what do you need to say now you know
you need to apologize now like you
anyway parenting okay what's next
another top oh yeah let's do another
topic what do you want to talk about we
do more I wanted okay no let's do a real
topic oh I wanted to see it the whole
show okay uh
SpaceX sure let's go SpaceX literally
catches a rocket midair that's pretty
cool uh it's actually insane SpaceX made
history during its fifth flight uh for
uh for the company's two-stage Starship
vehicle this week which is intended to
take astronauts to the moon in the
upcoming Artemis 3 mission the Rockets
first and do many other things to be
clear the Rocket's first stage the super
heavy booster the most powerful booster
ever made not only carried the upper
stage Starship uh spacecraft to an
altitude of 65 km or 40 Mi above the
Earth but successfully separated and
then it says slowly descended very
rapidly descended towards extremely
rapidly descended towards the launch
Tower um after a breaking burn which
looks sick the 71 m or 233 ft or some
people are calling 19 story tall rocket
booster used uh just three of its 33
engines that's also not correct uh to
maneuver towards the tower's massive
mechanical arms which uh clasped onto
the booster sort of I can explain that
too in a moment uh catching it in midair
sort of um the Starship spacecraft
itself climbed to an altitude of 89 M or
143 km and cruised towards the Indian
Ocean slowing itself from over 16,000
mph to near zero uh as it splashed down
in the water as intended um and it was
cool how they did that because while
they didn't catch the Starship it kind
of like positioned itself as if it could
have been M and then went into the water
cuz they they were still trying to test
for Telemetry stuff so there's some
details about this that aren't
immediately apparent um Dan and I were
talking about this before the show do
you see the fins can you make this full
screen
you see the fins that's not what catches
it the Chopsticks or the arms also do
not pinch it right when they called it
Chopsticks a lot of people imagined that
it was like grabbing it and holding it
with like friction or something that's
not what happened um also the fins that
come out that you can see are not what
caught it there's these tiny little in
reality they're like bigger than a
person but the thing's 16 or 19 stories
taller whatever so it looks insane
apparently it did use three engines for
the maneuvering sort of it also used a
lot more of that first more than that
first and then went down to three 13
then three says Shamy Shamy heel that is
correct um so yeah there's they're two
I'm again I'm saying little they're
they're not that little just in
comparison to the structure they're tiny
you can barely even see them there's
these two little tiny arms that come off
the side and there's uh sections of the
Chopsticks that actually go up to touch
them so what's actually connecting is
very small and like even the the turn of
the ship had to be perfect so it didn't
just have to be aligned like within the
Chopsticks at all it also had to be
turned to the like almost exact right
angle and they nailed it I think I had a
better angle of it but realistically um
you should just look it up yourself so
that those people get the views um but
there's cameras that are closer where
you can see those those little arms that
that actually catch onto the Chopsticks
um that was wild to watch super super
cool massive success there first time
they ever tried it which is insane um
and uh also again yeah the Starship
itself while it you know went into the
water and blew up that was entirely the
int tradition yeah um but but watching
how it like kind of came in and and
positioned itself nicely and then set
into the water and then was like cool
mission complete fell over and exploded
was wild they had these little buoys in
the water you could tell it landed in
the right spot because this buoy that I
don't think they were controlling is
just sitting there and it comes right
into view nicely um but one of the if
you watch the footage of the buoy one of
the like fragments of the Starship flies
and smacks the buoy nice so it was like
pretty close um but yeah that was that
was genuinely extremely cool to watch
and even if you're not super into space
stuff like this is this is a mindblowing
feat of engineering um watching watching
something 200 1 33 ft tall come flying
in at crazy speed and then just catch
itself is nuts I mean I'm impressed when
my my little handheld drone hovers yeah
you know yeah I don't know that's a lot
easier to deal with this this this whole
thing was
uh yeah extremely extremely fun to
witness I'm happy that it
happened um what do we talk about next
what was our announcement topics we
moved the vacuum the vacuum yeah all
right your vacuum is watching over the
past several days there have been
widespread reports from owners of ecovac
robot vacuums who say that their vacuums
have started acting strangely including
screaming obscenities at their owners
and chasing their
pets
the as it turns out these vacuums were
remotely accessed by bypassing their pin
code which does not use serers side
validation once hacked the these
maliciously controlled vacuums gave the
hackers control of the vacuum and access
to its video feed at least one hacking
victim a lawyer expressed relief that
the vacuum had only been used to
broadcast lurd language rather than used
to silently spy on the household yeah
eax the company was warned about this
issue by security
researchers get this back in December of
2023 after security researchers spoke
out publicly eax gave a statement to
TechCrunch saying they would not fix the
security flaws pointed out by the
researchers and telling users not to
worry excessively about
this earlier this month the Australian
Broadcasting Corporation successfully
demonstrated that they could easily hack
an ovax vacuum and used it to spy on a
colleague's family without them noticing
this is in part because the vacuum
doesn't play a camera recording warning
sound unless it is being accessed from
the eax app note this hack was performed
with prior consent okay cool this I
didn't know I had never heard of them
before but eax vacuums are some of the
most popular in the world primarily
because they are very cheap our
discussion question here is should we be
more cautious
about and then it just kind of trails
off there that's fine the team didn't
have a lot of time to put together the
notes today
um uh yes yeah yes discussion question
we should be more cautious about I think
the the camera flip thing that was made
for the Logitech c920s I don't know if
it was actually made by Logitech or not
but do you know what I'm talking little
privacy screen yeah I I I just I just
put all my c920s up that I got for the
land Center last weekend cuz I finally
got around uner ones do my original one
didn't it comes with a little plastic
clip and it goes on the front and then
it's a little flappy do thing oh man if
it was a physical little
thing no no that wouldn't make
sense I'm just not convinced that these
robot vacuums actually save any time
just cuz they kind of suck well it's
they're helpful for me a do it uh um
maybe it's just because I've never had a
house layout that's conducive to using
them mine barely is but with the
constant mess that birds create and the
actual ease of cleaning that mess up
it's nice just having something on
routine that'll go through and do a
pretty decent job and then you can do a
proper one every however long um but
having something go like every day or
even twice a day to pick up you know the
seed that they've thrown out of the cage
or or little bits of feather or or
whatever El elf whatever else is is kind
of nice okay that's that's a fair that's
a fair assessment I guess for me the
issue was just at our old place there
were there were so many transition
and the sunken living room and the
multiple floors and the super complex
upstairs layout like there was solve a
lot of our problem yeah it's mostly it
just it mostly just helps the birds I
mean there's a lot of people in chat
that are saying they're super stoked on
theirs so there you go and like we've
we've worked with uh Robot vacuum
companies before that have had very
impressive performance compared to the
last time that I actually tried to use
one at my house so it's clear that they
are advancing in a big way it's just
that our layout just doesn't yeah work
for it yeah I think for us it's like we
we take a problem area and make it no
longer a problem so it takes cleaning
from this like annoying thing that you
have to do practically literally all the
time to something you can do on a more
reasonable schedule I think part part of
it is also me just making the mistake of
putting in wall to- wall carpeting every
time yeah I should have just not done
any wall to- wall in the new place that
was really dumb but Ivon and I both like
it on our feedies but then we have
hardwood in the bedroom any way so
like why did we even anyway I am a w
thewall carpet enjoyer but when the
birds were at the vet not that long ago
we did like emergency hyper deep clean
and we like borrowed uh Emma's dad's
like uh deep carpet cleaner thing stuff
like yeah yeah and went hard and it was
gross carpets are gross they're kind of
not
sanitary it's like wow there's a lot of
stuff coming out of this they're fine if
you just never
check it's like most things in life yeah
um we should check out our sponsors
yeah oh sorry
danez freaking out
here acronis as much as some people
thrive when under a Cyber attack that is
me that that is legitimately me I think
we can all agree it's best to prevent
them from happening in the first place
with a ronus cyber protect you get
access to a set of security backup and
Recovery tools all nicely packaged into
one platform with a single console and
oneclick simplicity you'll be armed with
cuttingedge ammo to stop attacks before
they can do too much damage such as
endpoint detection and uh you can
continuously monitor abnormal activity
and use URL filtering to block access to
potentially malicious websites but as
prepared as you can be sometimes things
slip through the cracks and disaster
happens but with aonis you'll be
protected with Geo redundant cloud
storage so your precious files are
automatically backed up to multiple
locations and getting access to those
files is a breeze thanks to acronis
instant restore feature which launches
your backup as a virtual machine super
cool so bring your data protection and
cyber security together with acronis
cyber protect at go. acris.com
wow the show is also brought to you by
Squarespace in abstract paintings you'll
see a lot of shapes like triangles
circles and of of course squares but if
you take a look at the lonus Media Group
website you'll see squares all over the
place oh it's almost like a
conspiracy but what's not too deep is
how simple it was to build our site
thanks to Squarespace I see where we
were going with this their fluid engine
editor makes it easy for anyone to get
creative with the details of how their
site should look thanks to simple yet
intuitive Dragon drop elements and if
you don't know where to start their AI
powered uh their AI powered guided
Design Systems Squarespace blueprint
lets you choose from a ton of
professionally curated layout and
styling options and of course you'll
need a personalized domain which
Squarespace has millions of for you to
choose from so if you're building a
website for your business they've got
powerful tools for you use like email
marketing tools direct invoicing through
the platform and a whole Bevy of
supported payment methods so what are
you waiting for start building your
website today at squarespace.com
slw and you'll even get 10% off your
first purchase finally the show is
brought to you by MSI you know sometimes
your regular old 60 HZ monitor is good
enough for your basic needs but imagine
how amazing it would be to fill in those
spreadsheets on msi's 49in Q OLED curved
monitor we're talking Crystal Clear
equations and data entry thanks to
display HDR true black 400 and clear Mr
8000 Vasa certified performance oh
what's that you you want a game on this
thing well how does a 144 HZ refresh
rate and 0.03 millisecond gr grade
response time sound it even has a
built-in KVM so if you're working off
your laptop you can quickly switch
between that and your gaming rig all
while using the same peripherals you'll
also get access to their gaming
intelligence app to configure and
customize your viewing experience so
whether it's for business or pleasure
msi's new 49in curved QD OLED monitor is
here to excite your eyeballs check it
out using our Link in the video
description all
right oh we're supposed to do merch
messages all right Dan hit me yeah yeah
yeah yeah hi dll my seven-year-old
lately has shown interest in computer
science especially cyber security
considering getting him a PC to game on
and explore his curiosity in the field
any suggestions on how to safely or the
operating system how to safely the
operating system um sorry punctuation
how to do so safely how to what
operating system they should use oh I
yeah I'm looking at I don't I don't know
what they mean by this but throw them at
Linux
um
windows's parental management tools are
still terrible like they are sort of a
disaster Arch or get a new kid like you
can set them up yeah give them Arch and
then the parental management tools is
they won't be able to do anything just
disowned that's kind of interesting and
if they can figure out how to do it then
then I guess they're old maybe yeah
they'll be ready by the time they're 18
maybe
they okay if honestly if there's super
into computers and stuff I don't think
giving them the like easiest thing is
even probably going to be what they want
um I would throw them at some form of
how could we at least give them
something that can kind of do some stuff
out of the box there's seven maybe
recommend them to mess around with no
gooey modes and stuff um they're
seven they're seven but they're
expressing interest in cyber
security Arch console to a cyber
security kid he's going to feel like a
hacker remember this is from a parent
you know parents will see their kid like
do you want to do cyber security like
get their hands like covered in drool
and like smear it on a piece of paper be
like oh he's interested in art like you
never know right I I'm not I'm not
saying Eric is like that I'm just saying
it's it's a possibility um there's seven
so like I think it should at least have
a gooey sure like don't be like that
yeah he could just install it himself
yeah or do it with him yeah teach him
how to install a gooey yeah that's fun
that sounds like there's some games that
feature um hacking elements I can't
remember the name it off top of my head
right now it's pretty old but it was
cool I don't remember the name of it was
that screen uh what was that like
educational like platform thing up blink
up Uplink Uplink thank you I loved that
game still do Uplink could be fun hacker
hacket yeah um there's a there's a a
website that is good for learning cyber
secur stuff that I also can't remember
the name of right now I'm just going to
use chat for um you know everything I
guess um hack the box there we go what
was that one that um thank you what was
that one that came with a Raspberry Pi
that you would build oh uh and it had
like a bunch of like sort of coating
friendly um games like it had um I don't
remember oh man KO yeah yeah Cano Cano
Cano sure yeah uh and I think you can
just get the software like I don't I
think you can I I I mean don't quote me
on that are they still around separately
getting them into the scratch
programming language um scratch is in my
opinion genuinely a pretty solid way to
to learn the basics of things good Cano
world is relaunching in partnership with
Astros safe and
Finn okay so that's
something more yeah hit me yeah some of
my favorite content was the crazy multim
monitor 16k gaming type deals with the
lack of SLI are projects like that even
possible how do we push Hardware
peripheral limits um actually that
project did not use SLI it used Quadro
multisync so it had four individual
cards that were driving the monitors
individually and then it had a separate
fifth sync card that each of those cards
was linked into that handled all the
synchronization of the image that's why
it was a little a little a little wonky
um that to my knowledge still kind of
exists
but I think the challenge for us is that
we want to find new things to explore I
would also say resolution pumping was
like a big thing back then it's not
really a thing anymore now we all agree
it's kind of stupid like we're
definitely going to do a video gaming in
8k on the 90 or whatever when it comes
out
but do we need to game at 16k I don't
know maybe not that that one dud dud who
spends his entire life modding a cyber
Punk will care yeah yeah exactly so um
like okay like we uh like one of the
things that people love is US using you
know wacky fans to cool things right so
we had that one where we rented those
like industrial fans and we hooked them
up to that Cooler Master case with like
a plywood duct in it like blew the top
of the case off that was great and then
we had the one where we uh hooked up
that like bigger like almost looked like
a jet turbine fan to a computer and ran
it off of like LiPO batteries but what
you'll notice about those two things is
that while they both had fans connected
there were sort of different things that
we could explore so the second one ended
up being more about the LiPO batteries
and less about just the fan you know uh
so we we want we want there to be
something new for us to talk about we
did another like wacky fan video just
now uh where we used a turbo to cool a
computer um which is
Alex and I sort of agree maybe the
stupidest thing we've ever
done but the difference the difference
is that what makes it not Jumping the
Shark is that there's new learning
outcomes okay we discuss what a turbo is
we discuss why a conventional one might
not work and why we might want to use um
uh an electric turbo or supercharger
exhaust fed uh yeah normally but you
know computer I mean it has exhaust but
not like that um just pulled your car up
we talk about the challenges with the
high pressure and there high temperature
of the turbo's exhaust air I shouldn't
say exhaust but it's output cuz when you
say exhaust in automotive terms it
sounds like the exhaust not that the the
like the output from the turbo the the
fresh air uh from the turbo so it so the
air is actually hot so then we we
discuss intercoolers and we use an
intercooler and anyway it's a really
great video but it's more than just
taking a big fan and hooking it up to a
computer because we've already done that
and we try not to do the same things
over and over does Alex like traveling
like does he go to computex I don't
remember I don't think he was there I
Alex usually does um I don't know if he
did computex last time but he he does
CES I think there's a there's a maybe
possibility if you guys are interested
maybe maybe I haven't actually asked
anyone maybe um that you could do a did
do compy Texas fanless Computer build um
but in a wind tunnel and try to cool it
that way and see what happens I'd be
down there's another one I want to do I
want to I want to put a computer in a
hyperbaric chamber oh nice I want to
know what like denser air does yeah why
not I don't know that's cool I love
stuff like that um we also still have
pending um actually maybe I shouldn't
talk too much about these because these
might take us a while to execute never
mind the idea is Doc is like we're we're
not out of ideas um we we got we got
wonder what the oldest thing on it is
wonder how old it is I have no idea I'd
have to go back to like every revision
the original revision that's not bad you
know what could be kind of fun too is
like my my three worst ideas and you do
like you you have the writers vote on
like what the three worst ideas in the
dock are and you do all three of them in
one video you just do like I don't know
I'm kind of down
anyways uh I'm going to send that to
myself sick let's
go
uh yeah what are we on we're on topics
okay
sure SP catching the rocket we already
talked about that I fanboyed enough I
could go on for hours it is what it is
um L is struggling with his
stream oh L is having streaming issues
with his VR PC yeah so I was I did a I
did a VR stream last night and I don't
know what it is about this machine but
it was perfect for a long time and now
whenever I stream I get this like
stutter in VR and I don't feel like the
load I'm putting on it is super crazy
I'm running an index so it's high
resolution but it's not up there with
the the best headsets these days anymore
not by a long shot and I'm streaming at
1080p um you know 6 megabit um but when
I use nank uh oh one of the things that
is a little bit challenging is I'm using
Liv for um to for like a virtual Avatar
so it has do yeah um it has to do some
compositing but like I don't get it
because CPU usage sits around like 40%
GPU usage is what it is and if you're
using inven for encoding it should like
be fine um but I think I'm going to have
to I think I'm going to have to rebuild
it um Elijah says I promise it's your
CPU your GPU is trying to comp and ends
up with more overhead on it it happen
with my old computer that that's
possible the first time you ever
overclocked something I have a
so it's it's not a super high core count
machine um so it's possible that I'm
that I am running into some some CPU
issues DP latency spikes what now DSP
latency spikes can often be caused by
NVIDIA drivers it hits the audio and
causes hitches like that or little pops
it's not audio no the audio no no it it
like interrupts the system badly and
like causes really weird issues like
that interesting and this is what an
Nvidia driver issue you said most of the
time it is NVIDIA drivers you can use
something like uh I don't know there
there's tools out there I think it's
called process no uh DSP
latency something I have another theory
latency mod that's it this Windows
install oh yeah I mean has made its way
all the way from Windows
7 okay I didn't know that through
Windows 8 I didn't know that and I was
going to say start there through 10
through 11 it is now 11 I did you 8.1 it
uh I don't remember I I had never I had
never intended to to Windows 11 it but
one of my kids just like clicked okay
upgrade at some point and good it's free
I was like okay it has had at least
three different
motherboards so I may just need to
reformat my computer yeah it's is my VR
machine yeah yeah
so I I think from the original video
where I built it I just like grabbed a
drive and it like already had Windows on
it so so it's it's probably from a
completely different system originally
and then it's had multiple different
mother 100% nice yeah so so that might
also be
it yeah I will I will say I I I through
fake shaded Elijah I will say uh Elijah
was the only person to set the screen
saver and the young people try Windows
XP
video the way I would have done
it I couldn't believe that video was
extremely fun and
oh deeply infuriating at times the CD
dual case yeah I know that actually
killed your soul like I talked about I
talked about this with Luke after if you
don't know how they work there's a spine
on it there's a spine there's a spine if
you don't know there's a clear Pivot
Point
you open at the opposite end Luke if
you've never if close your laptop how do
you open it I don't
know even some cardboard boxes can be a
little bit challenging even though you
can clearly see which way it's supposed
to open because of the way it like comes
over and in or whatever I don't think to
someone who's never seen one before I
don't think it's immediately
obvious
I even though I know how to open them I
have struggled with CD Jewel cases
especially when
crack it open well yeah I like I know
the techniques like a nut but I'm
talking about like my whole life like at
some point in my life I didn't know that
and like when they're brand new and
they're like they're they're kind of
sharp and the first time they were ever
put together I don't know maybe they a
little crack they can be a little hard
to be a little hidden there's also a
very obvious hinge on one
side I'm just saying I get it I get it
but um it was a little hard yeah it was
a little hard to witness I do think and
and I I noticed today actually after we
talked I swear I didn't steal it but I
noticed one of the top
comments um the second comment from
Daniel ENT Daniel owch okay cool um is
now check if they can use Windows
11 most of my high school students have
no idea how to do anything on a PC that
isn't in a browser and watching the
video I was actually surprised I think
my rose tinted glasses were like cracked
or something I thought it was G to be
harder for them to do these things I
forgot how much it would prompt you with
like oh you tried to do something what
do you want to do with these things yeah
you inserted a thing here's all your
options I forgot how much that Windows
XP was pretty sick yeah yeah it was it
was back at it more positively since
watching it was a turning point for
Windows for sure cuz 98
was it was simple but you couldn't do
that much yeah like 98 was really easy
to use I was not stoked on the move to
XP and how like over complicated the
start menu was now and stuff like what
is all this other crap I just need my
programs like what what you know like
and obviously my recollection of this is
pretty spotty given that that was a hot
minute ago and I was quite young but um
I I remember not having a problem using
98 SE um and then XP was like the only
reason that I got kind of got good at
using it was because I was at a stage in
my life where it was fun to just like
you know explore and spend the ample
free time that I had cuz I didn't have a
job you know playing around with just
was fun that way it was it was fun it
was fun I think it actually was just fun
I think it didn't get in your way um I
think it had a lot of ease of use that
modern operating systems have you know
maybe not as much as the most modern
ones but it had a lot of ease of use
built in it wouldn't get in your way and
you could do a lot with it was very cool
that
way you know what else is cool uh we
should do a couple more announcements
yes I want to see the shirt a lot of
people have been requesting a smaller
version of the LTT backpack here it
is the commuter
pack a backpack built to support your
day every day your day organized pockets
for all your Tech and Essentials ready
for you to access in seconds no more
rumaging our most portable backpack yet
with a 20 L capacity built to last with
durable water resistant reprieve canvas
a rivet reinforced top handle YKK
zippers and a certified validated dual
layer bottom I didn't know you did
that's hilarious product is still in
final development final specifications
may change oh my gosh uh but you can
sign up for it at LT store.com Pages
commuter Das signup and I am really
excited about this thing are you are you
g to cut into it no I'm not it's not
necessary did that we already did that
um this is it it can hold I love this
pocket it can hold a shocking amount of
stuff considering how much smaller it is
than the OG backpack we have external
water bottle holders on both sides so it
that's it was more of an ergonomic
Choice than thinking that anyone needs
to carry two water bottles some people
do sure but it was more to do with
depending on which way you like to swing
your bag off to grab your water bottle
you wanted to have the option on both
sides uh but I use this side for
my Precision screwdriver kit and also
get this so you can see the the bag
there yeah see the pocket there HH
there's a little hidden zipper here what
I didn't know about that keep my mouse
in there okay pretty cool right H I
didn't expect the hidden Pocket to be
that big I didn't expect you to pull up
M um ah oh man it it like yeah you going
to need it second hand cuz it it it
wants to be more streamlined so it tries
to close a little bit like the OG we
have our RFID protected passport pocket
back here I believe oh no it was going
to be accessible from both sides I
killed that um because I didn't think it
was necessary uh it's got a sunglass
pocket I have a ton of stuff in mind
right now sunglass pocket in there it
does not include uh fancy dangly thing
made by lon's children oh yeah no that's
uh that's not part of the bag yeah and
then it's got kind of a pocket of
holding just like the OG
one so I've got a bulky sweater in there
I've got a Tex sack in there to help
with organization that's about it cuz it
is a significantly smaller bag so that
sweater you have organiz your pockets
after that took up the whole thing and
then in here we've just got you know
kind of a variety of pocket including
one for the screwdriver got a little
magnetic thing on here to kind of you
know keep them from getting all Flappy
doodly and then just like the original
bag it's it's Tech first right
so these go all the way down which they
didn't in the initial revision because
of the interference with the water
bottle pocket but we found a new way to
construct it so that they can and we've
got one two sleeves so you can have like
your laptop and your tablet or your big
laptop and your smaller laptop and then
we've also got uh space on this side for
your one or two Chargers and then or a
mouse or something y or a charger and a
mouse or something like that and then
we've got cannot get the angle right on
this we've got a black zipper pocket
right here so you can you know put some
some low profile things down there as
well the ergonomics are really good uh I
would say it is as good if not better
than the original one especially if you
have a smaller frame like your body the
frame of your body um
and it's going to be have we announced
pricing I don't know uh given that the
team hasn't I'm not going to say it not
in the blurb that we have and I don't
see it on the site right now personally
oh was there a blurb sorry did I hit all
the points in the blurb uh I don't know
neat well anyway uh cool not yet the
official answer is not yet the official
answer is not yet okay well it's going
to have a price it will uh yes it will
have that lm. g/c commuter Dan do you
mind throwing that in all the chats yep
all right um okay fine do you want to
get to see it
yay did really darting all over the
place I'm trying to copy the link yeah I
mean it's not like it was 12 characters
you you need oh my goodness okay this
one's for all the floaters out there
yesterday Sarah went live on float plane
designing a shirt with with suggestions
from our float plane subscribers the
result a design that Luke has not yet
seen no I was busy working I didn't get
to see it at all and I have also
actually not seen oh cool so it's a as
far as my understanding goes it's a bit
of designed by committee so there was
input from the audience but she did the
actual design work and you have to be a
flow plane subscriber and then log in
with your flow plane account on the
store to be able to buy it oh okay uh so
Dan if you want to copy this one as well
what uh okay I that's so sick what am I
looking at here it's a float plane with
a little Dino hanging off it I
think that's actually so
cute wait is it on the back you want to
zoom in yeah oh okay that is
adorable I actually really like it the
wings broke oh he probably chewed the
wing off on this side oh my goodness
that's my assumption hold on someone
says they see bread bread I I don't see
any bread I don't see any bread did did
she hide bread in it is there hidden
bread Dan no way I don't know I was
doing my job bread plane what are you
guys even talking about I think no is it
made of bread is that why there's a bite
out of it baguette
Wing is it oh cuz he at it no I think
get the little the little marks like a
baguette is that is that is that
intentional that is probably a stretch
yeah yeah guys I don't know about that I
don't know about yeah those little marks
there they kind of look like baguette
marks no I don't think I don't think
such a reach that is that is a reach
indeed the planes landing like the
pontoons were supposed supported to be
bred I don't know what you guys are
talking about anyway this is fan fiction
now thanks float plane um enjoy your
exclusive t-shirt it is only available
to float plane subscribers so if youall
want to leave a merch message this is
your chance lm.
g/f merch 10 well yeah we sold out of
them yeah we don't get to wear them
sorry
luk I guess I'll have to have some
shirts that aren't talls all right okay
sorry Luke okay yeah they're so nice
dude oh my
God every day that I don't have a clean
one or I'm like too lazy to do the
laundry again cuz like the the T-shirt
one the nonong sleeve one is probably I
had it for like two weeks it's probably
gone through the laundry no joke like 10
times
and then I went to I did my thing where
like you know I I try to let the
audience buy stuff before I request it
uh they're
gone yeah sorry okay we didn't order
that there's some long sleeves left but
the short sleeves they only have short
medium large extra large extra extra
large and triple extra large mean small
are all gone not short oh right yeah all
good my bad um specifically not short
actually yeah
sorry about that I'll get them someday
uh okay the last announcement is uh do
you still need your original LTT
backpack carabiners replaced we have
contacted all the backpack buyers we
think but we want to call out our form
one last time if in case there's anyone
who missed it all you need is your order
number and just go to lm. g/c Carabiner
form to request it it'll be closing soon
but if you missed the deadline for the
form yeah trust me bro we still got you
you can message support uh we know this
took a long time we've learned a lot um
but whether you own a backpack or not we
hope you feel that we've honored our
commitment to do right by our customers
and we have finally delivered carabina
Replacements to everybody with an LTT
backpack speaking of things that aren't
right oh no this dog specific chatbot an
AI powerered pet caller called the
Shazam
band I wonder if they're going to get
sued uh uses sensors and speakers to
allow your pet to talk to you out loud
in a humanlike voice the caller comes
with 30 different voices with Associated
personas such as Southern bell and mafia
boss cool
it's how much Insight the Shazam band
actually has into the emotions or
thoughts of the animal wearing it
spoiler alert
uh a big old guess but zero um yeah
judge by its demo the device appears to
use some amount of situational cues such
as what the animal is currently doing or
the behavior of nearby human beings to
inform its responses oh good so it's
spying on us real good then yeah it's oh
every part of this is perfect the collar
optionally includes GPS tracking and
text notifications in case the animal
gets lost or winds up in danger or
starts following random strangers around
talking to them uh which would be crazy
the base version cost $495
C for a Bluetooth speaker with junk AI
you kidding me the enhanced version it
probably needs a subscription too I
don't know uh the enhanced version costs
$595 and there is yes there's optional
subscription fees that cost $200 to $300
annually after the first
year so do you want to have a entirely
fake relationship with something that
you only have in order to have a real
relationship with it
wouldn't that be cool wow do you want to
be actually completely not in tune with
what your dog is thinking or just
feeling at all imagine yeah you know
there's been a bunch of this type of
stuff like there's been this trend where
people try to use chat GPT to like talk
to their future selves and they're
getting like really emotional over it
and I'm like that's not
you that that's not you at all you're
talking to a robot
please
stop oh my goodness anyways citizen Bean
says personally I use dog psychics this
may be a product for
Dennis some people do actually go to
psychics to tell them what their animal
is thinking yes this would be cheaper
than that in the long run and probably
just as accurate actually probably not
even because if you actually know
anything about animals at all you can
probably tell something of like what its
attitude is I guess you would bring it
yeah that makes sense yeah yeah yeah
might I make a suggestion the dog
psychic has high animal handling skg the
psychic if you I mean it would have to
be for the psychic to form a link with
it where was The Hyphen oh can I make a
suggestion if you have $600 to
burn hey there's always the Lux backpack
it won't talk to you unfortunately it
has no AI whatsoever but there is one
review for it and Buddy is stoked so
there you
go it's got a it's got a whale on it
okay oh that's kind of I actually didn't
know that that's kind of sick um I I
love that so many products on the store
just have so many
reviews like the screwdriver and the
water bottles and stuff have an insane
amount of reviews and then that backpack
just has
one um we only just started shipping
them recently okay we've been taking
orders for like a year but it took a
long time to get it done because of all
the issues with our backpack supplier
the screw driver has over 8,000 reviews
in all seriousness the Lux backpack I
think we have like three left in stock
um because we over ordered compared to
what people pre-ordered but not by that
much and then it took a lot longer for
us to get them and we kept taking orders
so by the time they actually arrived I
think we only had like 10 extra uh so if
you want one
do order it right this second um if you
don't want one then I don't know if
we're ever going to make one again
so yeah cool good chat this this guy
makes a $600 backpack but won't build
lonus town I know right well maybe if
people bought more $600 backpacks I'd be
able to did you ever think of that Luke
that's where you have to store your ID
card is in your $600 backpack I mean it
makes perfect sense to me you get
randomly ided on the street someone
asked how many Lux backpacks we sold and
this seems like the kind of Intel that
would be really stupid to like talk
about publicly but I'm curious so I'm
going to look and then I'll decide after
I see it if I'm going to disclose it
nice uh in in other news I'll do a topic
while you're looking that up uh the FCC
makes cancelling easy because Lena KH is
a boss okay this is actually the coolest
thing ever and I love it and every
country needs to do this and I don't say
that that often a lot of stuff she's
doing is sick uh the FCC has released a
final version of its new click to cancel
rule which requires companies that offer
subscription services to provide methods
of unsubscribing that are at least as
convenient and easy as their sign up
method a service you signed up for with
an app needs to allow you to cancel via
app or online a gym you sign up for in
person needs to allow you to cancel by
calling or online the new rule will take
effect in around 6
months very cool
very cool very
nice uh discussion question is can some
subscription Services even survive
without lover leveraging the ADHD tax uh
this will hurt some of them for sure if
if for no other reason then because this
law comes in I think people will pay a
little bit more attention they'll go
like oh I wonder what things I'm
subscribed to now that it's easy to
unsubscribe and then go we can help yeah
oh yeah how is the uh how is the the
Twitter block function change not in the
dock I totally slept on that this week I
even went through and was looking for
stuff to add and I just totally forgot
about it I don't know I basically people
you blocked can see your stuff now they
just can't interact with you is that
right the funny thing about that to me
though I don't know what it is this is
where this is where I'm a little
confused about it is um I I I don't
understand what difference it makes it
doesn't make a difference at all because
block was not um like protected tweets
it was just they can make another
account yeah you could you you could
have another browser tab that's logged
into a different one or or isn't logged
in and then you could see it there so I
yeah this this being the straw is very
confusing to me uh the MCG said blue sky
got over half a million users and I've
seen a bunch of people okay Bots no no
go ahead uh no I don't know no I I don't
think that's actually the issue I don't
think that's why people are um migrating
to Blue Sky in droves right now I think
it's actually more to do with that they
updated their terms so any art you post
on X just belongs to them for AI
training now how is that not a bigger
story I don't
know okay we're just used to it by this
point yeah so there's no opt out anymore
if you post something on there it just
like belongs to them to use what if it's
already on there I don't know that
should be super illegal well I mean
there's a lot of things that should be
super illegal but that's true I don't
know sure yeah yeah Crystal Thief uh
said it's not just that it's the AI crap
I hadn't heard of that at all I had only
heard of the the blocked thing yeah the
block thing honestly doesn't that seems
like kind of fundamentally not
understanding how the block function
worked like if you're sort of mad about
this change it just doesn't I don't
really understand how it makes a
difference apparently Lux sold out it
did oh balls uh okay said luck sold out
I was going to order it as my Christmas
gift myself next month well um thinking
about that as well you were yeah Merry
shitty Christmas then I guess kind of
seems like something you might do
actually
might have I think about it for a second
might have been for somebody else I
don't know I haven't quite decided
that's why I've been dragging my feet on
it for so long it's a lot of money it
outsold Luke
Nukem I think a let's see if I can find
it yeah we uh that was a weird decision
that was done I wear it like every
weekend so does
Emma I I wore it
I I don't think I've told you this story
um I wasn't planning on leaving the
house one day Emma's car was at the
shop suddenly ready to be picked up she
needed me to go get it I went to go get
it I didn't think about what I was
wearing I was wearing the Luke Nukem
shirt I walk up and it's this like
random tire shop um and there's one of
the worker dudes just sitting outside on
a tire just chilling and as I walk up
he's like Luke nuke eh and I'm like I
look down I'm just like
uh yeah I mean even I don't wear shirts
with my face on
them oh it was so brutal the name yes
but the face
really Gilmore D says I'm wearing my
Luke Nukem shirt right now hell yeah the
thing was they had a bunch of different
color options before they decided on one
so they gave me like the those ones
basically so I have like a bunch of this
shirt I I can't wear any of
them yeah so Luke nuk um
let me see if I can find there's also
like a reference from one random obscure
W show that never came back and then we
sold shirts on it like weeks later it
made no sense Sarah brought me over to
see the draft of the design she's like I
have no idea what you want but is this
it I'm like
yeah I mean yeah uh we sold 129 Luke
Nukem t-shirts so you personally own
probably like a solid 4% of the total
Luke Nukem stock of the world we didn't
sell those I know okay yeah but I mean
you but you yeah um the second you said
stock so Luke Nukem shirt was also outs
sold by mem face sequin pillow clearance
okay that's actually sad outs sold by um
gotfish
pullovers um outs sold by Red dad hats
you know if I knew we were going to do
it I could have like kept the meme going
for longer outsold by sweatband
[Laughter]
sets I don't take fault for any of this
um Olive beanies crushed it uh
yeah even our even our ABC book
character plushies outsold the Luke
Nukem shirt unfortunately I like I'm
pretty sure I've actually bought some of
those for yeah those those are pretty
nice um okay for if you guys are curious
uh we ordered 240 Lux backpacks and they
are now sold out um so not like a Smash
Hit or anything but when you compare the
revenue number to other things that sold
you know 200 250 units it's it's pretty
substantial um yeah like order 50 more I
don't even know that we'd be able to
bring it back because the only reason we
were able to do a production run of it
was because we took pre-orders for it
which we kind of learned our lesson
because some people toward the end were
getting kind of irate about waiting so
long for it but you know how we are
we're not going to ship it until it's
ready um but but the only reason we were
able to commit to a production run of it
was because we took pre-orders for it
and then um we would have to produce
like enough to to meet a minimum order
quantity and we wouldn't want to take
pre-orders for it again so I don't I
don't know how we'd justify it what is
the rarest lmg merch item the rarest
yeah I don't know if we could
technically know because we sold stuff
before um there was that patch hoodie
that you did but that was not
necessarily like that was yeah I mean a
one in like fluke kind of chance right
yeah the the ones that like had rare
patches on them I mean some of the some
of the lambo stuff where we've only done
70 minus one units that's that's pretty
rare we don't say that anymore what 69
units nice okay yeah don't care I didn't
know I'm I don't know meing I was like
are you avoiding this for a reason I
wasn't sure
um thought you being Drake for a second
eight more than 92 pretty much pretty
much anything that we pretty much
anything that we order we have to order
hundreds of so some of the pins some of
the pins in the in the like RGB yeah I
was wondering like maybe going all the
way back to like the the original logo
shirt like way back or the keep on
digging shirt oh the like me in a box
coming out of it like one I think only
like four of them exist or something
like that from the Cafe Press store that
we set up back when I was at NC I ruined
mine very recently actually oh no I
washed it and just the ink had not aged
well and it just completely
disintegrated in the wash God yeah
bummer all right what are we supposed to
be talking about Dan are we supposed to
be doing topics uh you have 5 and A2
minutes left until 8:00 Twitter blocks
blocking is in the is in the
oh hello uh yeah I totally I totally
missed that great work everyone who
worked on the dock on that
yeah my bad some users are calling this
a win for stalkers while proponents uh
argue blocked users could already view
public content from yeah okay no we need
to talk about um the US uh a US appeals
court has cided with music publishing
giant Sony Universal and Warner against
ISP Grande Communications concluding
that Grande purposefully ignored
customers who were engaging in copyright
infringement and should have taken
action up to and including the
termination of the accounts of some of
these customers another ISP Cox
Communications is attempting to appeal a
similar ruling to the Supreme Court Cox
argues that copyright infringement
notices sent on behalf of record labels
aren't reliable and that forcing isps to
disconnect users based on unproven
pirate accusations will cause great harm
a supre a supreme court brief filed by
multiple isps argues that the ruling
against Cox imperils the future of the
Internet by exposing internet service
providers to massive liability if they
don't carry out Mass internet evictions
it further argues that this decision
potentially harms other residents at the
disconnected address who may have had no
involvement in the infringement your
parents are going to be so mad this
appeals court ruling
is
crazy
crazy um I there are there we have not
even touched on we have not even
scratched the surface of the potential
problems with a ruling like this like
imagine being an educational
institution you're the it admin and now
it's your job to have an absolutely
bulletproof system for making sure that
nobody downloads any copyrighted
materials or what your internet goes out
because the ISP is not going to want the
liability do you have any idea what kind
of Damages they seek for every single
instance of copyright infringement the
numbers are ridiculous cuz they don't
they don't go based on like that movie
would have been 20 bucks or whatever
like it's like it's crazy they want like
tens tens of thousands of dollars per
per instance right so ISP are going to
be if this if this happens for real isps
are going to be trigger freaking happy
to just cut off anything that looks like
it could possibly be anything that could
get them in trouble this is freaking
wild dude
VPN oh yeah hey uh Dan do you have our
Pia affiliate thing it's automated
unfortunately oh it's it's automated
what does that even mean it uh it
appears during Banner after dark
randomly oh
I just mean do you have the link do you
want to put it in the chat oh oh oh okay
I thought you wanted me to put it on
screen now's look a VPN is not a silver
bullet for like cyber security or
whatever um that that's not a thing um
but but it will make it so that they
can't tell that you're downloading
pirated stuff it will do that so thanks
Dan yeah sick uh Dan can you also throw
the Carabiner Link in there's a couple
people asking about it to make sure they
get it thank you so much you're
wonderful all right should we after dark
it I'm running on on little time let's
do it it's after dark time I I just
tasked Dan with like two things though
so how's he going to switch us to after
dark mode he would have to be some kind
of magic man oh he did
it doing the what a guy what a guy what
a guy is a little
harder and then we do scene sorry he's
on it I'm trying do watch him
work and then we go also here have you
ever had this many people judge you at
once yeah I've been to a family reunion
got
him and is it magenta I actually haven't
looked there it goes nice are you going
to do it thank you ni y all right that
should be the links and everything else
let's get through some of
these now we'll put them away cool I'm
good I'm good
hey land du andus saving for a commuter
backpack question for the small boss as
a cereal fan have you tried Milk Bar in
Vegas or La it's not an alcoholic bar
they have cereal milk ice cream I'm
going to have to try that at CES this
year I have not heard of that Milk Bar a
cereal bar yeah that sounds genuinely
more interesting to me than but you can
just get them at the grocery store like
neutr grain oh my goodness the second I
said cereal bar I was like this is going
to come back to me I don't know how it
will Fast happen
fast is that confir you're going to CS
this year uh oh yeah I got to go yeah
it's just a thing I think it's just a
thing I think that um I think that I
tried real hard to not have to go and
nothing against the team but I need to
go he's got to go I got to go like on
purpose uh good day lldd I I have a new
job as a senior FSD I assume that's full
stack the tech department is less than a
year old and doesn't follow best
practices how would you suggest I push
for change leading by example most most
tech departments that are a year old
aren't going to follow best practices uh
also spoiler alert most most tech
departments that are any amount of years
old aren't going to follow best
practices um yeah try to lead by example
do what you can push for certain pieces
of change that you think are going to be
most impactful um work with uh your your
I don't know your managers whoever else
in there to try to like there's this
there's this thing that like if you want
to get stuff done um propose Solutions
or options yeah um don't just complain
about stuff and keep realistic
expectations yeah because your manager
probably has 10 trillion things to do
because most companies don't have enough
they I find most companies either don't
have enough or they have like about
seven times two many there doesn't seem
to be a lot of like right in the middle
um so try to yeah if if you're like you
know what I'm going to look up a few
different good options for doing this
thing I'm going to a b and c these
options show the pros and cons show the
one that I vote for and I'm going to
hand this over you're very likely to get
something done um compared to like I
don't
like or just not saying anything and and
hoping that it gets fixed magically
that's that's the that's a real fun one
I love that everybody loves that it's
very useful it works really
well stop complaining uh but yeah I
wouldn't sweat I wouldn't sweat it too
much
um it's uh it's pretty common but yeah
moving on hi DL who do you think will be
the main benefactor of the newly
announced x86 Alliance AMD Intel uh
softare vendors or and
consumers um AMD and
Intel actually I think I think other
members of the ecosystem will benefit as
well um just from not having to deal
with
like a diverging
x86 um I actually I think it's I think
it's kind of a win
overall um industry cooperation and
standardization is probably the only
reason that you can even plug the same
USB devices not probably is the only
USBC cables into apple and and PC
Computers like it's generally a good
thing I I
don't I don't necessar know that it's
going to be
the the the I don't think it's
necessarily going to mean that x86 wins
forever but I think it will strengthen
x86 which in general is good better
better stronger competitors means more
competition for us means better products
for
us I'm into it it's pretty wild seeing
uh Pat gelsinger and Lisa Sue like on
stage together like what timeline is
this all we needed was Jensen up there
and I'd be like okay I quit I'm done
this is this is Peak tech industry and
it's all downhill from here yeah
weird Okay up cuz you
know we're going to get new colors the
weird blue one get purple hey lldd with
you float plane exclusive shirt be a
permanent fixture on the store or is it
a limited run very shortterm is drop
yes any earbuds you'd
recommend uh lot of videos on earbuds on
the short circuit Channel yeah I mean I
love my airpods Pro 2os uh the airpods
4S with ANC actually if you if
especially if you don't like the
silicone
tips I was floored by how
decent by how decent thec was it's
decent it's solid I was very surprised
by that yeah I've heard that from a lot
of people y
FP shirt is already selling out is it is
that even a thing is that possible I
thought it was like a what how do we
sell it a pre-sale yeah what are you
talking
about
uh they look like they're here to
me oh oh there may be some colors of
blanks that we uh only have a limited
amount of we might be clearing out our
Olive blank
oh black large no uh that seems rough
huh um maybe we should find out cool Dan
you want to hit us with another one in
the meantime sure for me what if
possible cuz he's calling someone I
think MH sorry if possible one for me
he's calling someone if teams is so bad
why can't you make your own home chat
system oh
God that's a stupid
question I'm in
pain oh man what do I even say um I mean
there's a lot use Mumble yeah nice um
hold on hi U Mr Nick you're live on the
W
show oh wait hold
on oh why is my speaker so
quiet sleeping baby on my laptop so I'm
talking quietly oh he has he has
sleeping slepping baby um okay people
are wondering about why the dinosaur
shirt is selling out because it's a
pre-sale
right I would have to confirm I know
we're pretty light on blanks we have
some coming in right now
ah okay duly noted thank you all right
bye see you later have a
wonderful oh and he's gone well have a
wonderful something I guess he'll have
to imagine
he'll have to imagine what I'm wishing
him a wonderful of well if you want a
large I guess you can get all of and if
you want
uh a double XL or triple XL I guess you
can get uh a black and if you want aall
look Inventory management is hard okay
you're screwed and if you want a blue so
it matches the site I'd like to see you
do it better go got
them okay we're working on making tools
to make it easy yeah I know yeah hit me
Dan
uh that's kind of all I have for the
curated there's a couple more here maybe
let's see um was wondering where the
stuff on the store get stored I'm
guessing you don't have it all on site
with you guys no uh we use a third party
logistics company that's actually run by
one of my former colleagues from NC uh
it's on anesis island actually we talked
about anesis Island earlier yeah um and
we we actually did a popup there once
when we launched the backpack
because it was Impractical to move
because the backpack is so large it was
Impractical to move like a significant
number of them to somewhere else to do
it so we just did it out the back of
their warehouse um I remember that I
think it would actually be kind of cool
to do a a tour of it or something but
maybe not I it's not high-tech like it's
it's pretty low Tech I've never even
been there um I've only been there once
for the backpack po pop maybe like a
tech quickie on like how do you get
things and it goes through like the
logistics process when you order
something which is super cool by the way
yeah except that like again ours is
pretty low Tech yep
um yeah only there's a way to order some
there there isn't we no like our blanks
our blanks are our own blanks and we
don't have a blue one until like we
don't have one yeah that we can't we
can't just like order some We There are
blanks
and we don't have a blue one
yeah but we have a microfiber shirt and
I don't think you want that shirt in
blue blue microfiber with the design on
it
um yeah I I also would uh you know like
the full plank shirt to be in blue it's
just it's not going to happen cuz we
don't have blue blanks we sold 150
microfiber t-shirts today I don't think
our inventory is going to last very long
on those that is freaking hilarious you
guys hilarious you know that right like
do you actually know that though I
seriously wonder how many of them are
selling cuz they look like Star Trek
shirts you think so they like really
kind of do they really kind of do don't
they especially with like the way the
light kind of catches them like they
really black collar there there was that
was not intentional no I know I didn't
see it at all yeah until I sat down
wearing it and then I was like wo I
can't I can't unsee it yeah at least you
guys aren't wearing red oh damn I got my
I tried to do the yeah yeah
yeah sorry okay yeah we aren't wearing
red so we'll we'll survive the
[Laughter]
night and I guess I got one more curated
and that's probably about it uh hi lldd
Paradox interactive admitted last week
that releasing City skylines 2 in the
state that it did was a mistake do you
think this is indicative of a larger int
U intolerance for unfinished games I
think that one was also kind of a unique
situation where um the original game had
changed so much from its original
release state that they were kind of in
a in a difficult position where yeah
there were problems but also one of the
biggest problems was that the modding
and the modding ecosystem for the
original game was so good and so vibrant
that they actually like they had kind of
no hope of matching the feature set of
the new game but also of the old game at
launch like it was always going to take
a long time but they also like screwed
it up by having technical issues and
stuff
I yeah like it's clear they screwed up I
mean the CEO said as much but I don't
know that if it's I don't know that it's
because people are generally less
tolerant of Unfinished games so much as
it's that that was a a pretty unique
situation I do think though that people
don't understand what beta means anymore
yeah oh did it launch into beta I no I
don't think it even did I I do think
people's expectations of anything they
can use are pretty high oh yeah so to be
fair companies poisoned that well 100%
100% no Minecraft is in beta for like a
decade yeah insomnia ACC say it's the
Sims problem every new release is so
basic it doesn't feel like a finished
game until there's a bunch of expansion
packs yeah yeah totally Civ to a Lester
degree suffers that I find most Civ
games are better after one or two
expansions Dei says there were B basic
features and functionality missing give
me my bike Lanes yeah yeah 100% like
they I can see where the ambition was in
City skyline City skylines 2
but it's clear that there were blind
spots
uh I don't know I don't know what they
could have done other than just eat it
and work on it for
longer sometimes isn't an option uh Top
Gear Lux is not coming back back for
those of you planning on buying for
family on Christmas it is October the
18th I just told you we just sold the
last of the inventory where do you think
new ones are going to come from this may
surprise people there are legitimately
people that this is going to surprise
but the items on our store are not just
rebadged AliExpress
stuff I know right the water bottles are
re badges right yep yeah yes but even
then we do our own production runs we
don't just like go to the corner store
yeah and buy one and then put our label
on it yeah so production lead times are
long and we have our own lid but like
most most of the things that people know
the store for are our own things our own
shirt planks screwdrivers backpacks all
that kind of stuff is our own
engineering that wasn't always the case
um desk pads and water bottles carried
the store for probably like year and a
half 2 years but nowadays the revenue is
didn't we make aren't the deskpads own
thing that's not a Rebrand they're our
own design and they're to our own spec
okay um they are our own custom that
wouldn't mean that it's a Rebrand then
though uh oh okay it's our own spe and
our own thickness so so it's we're
talking OEM versus odm so this is OEM
and then the I would say the desk pad is
odm because we gave the design
guidelines yeah um that's its own
product it's probably in between those
not as so is a screwdriver yeah no not
even yeah not even close different
category I know it's like six months
it's still not a rebatch can we maybe
get another pre-order says top GE like
dude if you want something you got to
like you got to order it I uh oh man I I
don't know because it was made by our
old backpack supplier who spoiler
alert isn't the one making these there
goes the
water and that my friends is why you
close the lid on your water bottle hey
we have some clo aren going to be very
absorbent uh oh well hey we have some
cloths that are more absorbent hey we've
got a Dan so yeah we have we have a new
manufacturing partner for our backpack
products and I don't know if they're
going to be able to Source exactly the
same Apple leather material there's
definit some there's definitely some
differences in terms of uh how we had to
optimize the construction for the
thicker material so they wouldn't have
that knowledge we'd be basically doing
product development on it again which
what to sell another couple hundred
units I I don't know if it's going to
make sense and besides I'm sure all the
people who actually bought it because
you know they were like hey this is a
thing that I like maybe you make a lux
commuter
bag reason we left my I can set it back
down I was getting it out of the water
oops thank you I guess there we go uh
and besides I'm sure the people that did
buy it are going to like knowing how
exclusive it is there you go like it's
not numbered or anything but it's it's
pretty darn exclusive other way there
you go what the heck you guys it's not
that what did you even
do
brutal oh my God why did we even move it
it's not like the electronics were in
the water I didn't know how what it was
yvon's yvon's always like that like
water will get like near something she's
like oh this is the electronic I'm like
yeah plastic housing it's okay yeah
she's like I'm like it's fine I don't
trust all the cables that much this is
true this is fair
um we've had these for a long time been
through some stuff all right Top Gear
all right Top Gear uh I will I will ask
the team if it's a thing we can do okay
I'll
ask oh Top Gear
no what he just looks so sad I know he
looks so sad he's like got like like
tears streaming down his face crying
Emoji like jeez okay like I don't know
man it's it's kind of a funny thing cuz
the number of people that are upset that
the flannel shirts are gone the Plaid
flannels are gone and I'm like wer dude
they were like they were rotting in our
inventory we had to blow them away if
you guys like stuff buy it if you don't
like it then don't complain that it's
gone I I do think that sometimes we have
a really funny way of handling Seasons
oh dude we don't do them because when
stuff's done it's done the season it's
in the store the season for flannels
showed up and that we don't have
flannels 100% 100% man no y not even
lying not even lying about
that all right well hey the show thanks
for uh thanks for watching we'll see you
again next week same bad time same bad
Channel
bye I was so ready for
that ready for what that outro came in
so fast after I said
by I'm get an efficient
head sit there waiting waiting to jump
[Music]